Add documentation re alphabetical sorted of MV dimensions (#10695)
apache/druid: docs/querying/multi-value-dimensions.md

Apache Druid supports "multi-value" string dimensions. These are generated when an input field contains an
array of values instead of a single value (e.g. JSON arrays, or a TSV field containing one or more `listDelimiter`

> characters), by default they are sorted alphabetically, see [Dimension Objects](../ingestion/index.html#dimension-objects) for configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
characters), by default Druid lists the values in alphabetical order, see [Dimension Objects](../ingestion/index.md#dimension-objects) for configuration.
```
Please use `.md` for links. Also, it's not clear to me what the related information is at the destination. But I'm a still fairly new to Druid.

Author: Thanks @techdocsmith, I've updated the changes. "Lists" is the wrong verb here, "ingests" would be more appropriate. The referred section is the above committed detail about multiValueHandling.

Author: Also `.md` should be `.html`, check the rest of the reference in the file. The markdown is compiled for the web version of the doc.

Reviewer: @lkm , please see: https://github.com/apache/druid/pull/10528 Using .md is more flexible for viewing docs locally and for publishing to the web

Author: Thanks for the context @techdocsmith, I've changed it to .md

> characters), by default Druid ingests the values in alphabetical order, see [Dimension Objects](../ingestion/index.md#dimension-objects) for configuration.

Reviewer 2: This is a run on sentence. Please replace the comma with a period and split up the sentences.
